Fixing some upload bugs on drag-n-drop zone (#2508)
opendatateam/udata: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed now useless metric fetching [#2482](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2484)
- Fix bug in harvester's cron schedule [#2493](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2493)
- Adding banner options in settings for a potential use in an udata's theme [#2492](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2492)

> - Fixing a recurrent bug - see logs in Sentry - when opening the drag'n'drop modal directly from a dataset public view for uploading resources (clicking on the `add a resource` button/block) or when trying to update a resource directly from the dataset's public view (clicking on the `update the resource` button) [#2483](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2483)...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix JS error when uploading a resource in certain conditions [#2483](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2483)
```

keep it simple and use the description of the PR to give more (clear) details.
